fix: Add a paragraph about authentication to Actor Standby (#1282)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/running/actor_standby.md

Generally speaking, Actors in Standby mode behave as standard HTTP servers. You can use any of the existing [HTTP request methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods) like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc. You can pass the input via [HTTP request query string](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_string) or via [HTTP request body](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Messages#body).

> ## How do I authenticate my requests
> 
> The authentication of requests to Actor Standby works the same as [with the Apify API](../../integrations/programming/api.md).
> To authenticate a request, add your [API token](../../integrations/programming/api.md#api-token) either:
> 
> - to your request's `Authorization` header as `Bearer <token>` (e.g. `Authorization: Bearer my_apify_token`). This is the recommended option, as it will prevent the token being logged in server logs.
> - as the `token` parameter to your request's URL (e.g. `https://rag-web-browser.apify.actor/search?query=apify&token=my_apify_token`). This is useful if you can't modify the request headers.
> 

Reviewer: Alternatively maybe this approach will be better?

```suggestion
## How do I authenticate my requests

To authenticate requests to Actor Standby, follow the same process as [authenticating requests to the Apify API](../../integrations/programming/api.md)
You can provide your  [API token](../../integrations/programming/api.md#api-token) in one of two ways:

1. _Recommended_: Include the token in the `Authorization` header of your request as `Bearer<token>`. This approach is recommended because it prevents your token from being logged in server logs.

	```
	Authorization: Bearer my_apify_tokin
	```

2. Alternatively, you can append the token as a query parameter named `token` to the request URL:
	
	```text
	https://rag-web-browser.apify.actor/search?query=apify&token=my_apify_token
	```
This method can be useful if you cannot modify the request header
```

Reviewer: check the suggestion above, usually tabbing within the list should allow you to create bigger code examples, we used this approach in [here](https://docs.apify.com/platform/actors/development/actor-definition/source-code#example-setup)

Author: Cool! I integrated the suggestion, please take another look.

Generally speaking, Actors in Standby mode behave as standard HTTP servers. You can use any of the existing [HTTP request methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods) like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc. You can pass the input via [HTTP request query string](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_string) or via [HTTP request body](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Messages#body).

## How do I authenticate my requests

To authenticate requests to Actor Standby, follow the same process as [authenticating requests to the Apify API](../../integrations/programming/api.md).
You can provide your [API token](../../integrations/programming/api.md#api-token) in one of two ways:

1. _Recommended_: Include the token in the `Authorization` header of your request as `Bearer <token>`. This approach is recommended because it prevents your token from being logged in server logs.

    ```shell
    curl -H "Authorization: Bearer my_apify_token" \
      https://rag-web-browser.apify.actor/search?query=apify
    ```

> 2. Alternatively, you can append the token as a query parameter named `token` to the request URL.

Reviewer: Something I realized after writing the previous comment, that we can shorten the second step and omit the `alternatively...` since we are already in numbered list and provide the reader with two choices. Otherwise LGTM

```suggestion
2. Append the token as a query parameter named `token` to the request URL.
```
